docs/using/getting-started.md, before:

# Getting Started with GitHub for Unity
There are often three states that you might be in when you are setting up your GitHub for Unity package with your Unity project:  
- [Setting up a brand new repository](#setting-up-a-new-repository): You do not currently have your Unity project in a repository and you want to publish it to one.
- [Connecting to an existing respository](#connecting-to-an-existing-repository): Your Unity project is already in a repository, but you do not have the GitHub for Unity package installed within it yet.
- [Opening a Unity project that already has the GitHub for Unity package](#connecting-to-an-existing-repository-that-already-has-the-github-for-unity-package): Your Unity project is already in a repository and it already has the GitHub for Unity package and you are trying to setup a new machine.

# Setting up a New Repository
If you have a Unity project (new or existing) that is not yet connected to any remote repository, you can use the GitHub for Unity package to quickly intialize the repository and publish to a repository. 

1. If your Unity project doesn't yet have the GitHub plugin installed, follow [these](https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity/blob/master/docs/using/how-to-install-and-update.md) instructions for installing it.
2. Click on the `Initialize a git repository for this project` button
<img width="950" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 9 39 13 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40246918-6d8c9156-5a7f-11e8-8087-6ffad9194969.png">  
And you should see the GitHub spinner:
<img width="253" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 9 39 23 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40246956-906cca56-5a7f-11e8-8f93-9484d2519359.png">
3. The GitHub tab should reload with the following buttons:
  - Publish: Publish this repository to GitHub (Creating a new GitHub repository)
  - Account: Login to your GitHub account | Logout from your GitHub account or visit your profile on GitHub.com
  - Changes: Local changes that are not yet committed, with a dialog to commit those changes
  - History: A history of commits with title, time stamp, and commit author
  - Branches: A list of local and remote branches with the ability to create new branches, switch branches, or checkout remote branches
  - Settings: your git configuration (pulled from your local git credentials if they have been previously set), your repository configuration (you can manually put the URL to any remote repository here instead of using the Publish button to publish to GitHub), a list of locked files, your git installation details, and general settings to help us better help you if you get stuck

# Connecting to an Existing Repository that already has the GitHub for Unity package
If you have an existing Unity project which already has the GitHub for Unity plugin installed and is connected to a remote repository (with the initial commit), you can access the project from another machine. 
1. Clone the repository on the second machine (either through command line or with GitHub Desktop https://desktop.github.com/).
2. Open Unity Editor and click Open.
3. Browse to the location of the cloned repository and select the parent directory.
4. When the project opens the plugin should be enabled. If you don't see the GitHub tab, enable it as above.
5. Enter your credentials and verify that the system git location and remote origin link are correct.
6. Submit and push the initial commit.
For further questions see Issue#891

Commit message:

Updating documentation on cloning an existing repository?

docs/using/getting-started.md, after:

# Getting Started with GitHub for Unity
There are often three states that you might be in when you are setting up your GitHub for Unity package with your Unity project:  
- [Setting up a brand new repository](#setting-up-a-new-repository): You do not currently have your Unity project in a repository and you want to publish it to one.
- [Connecting to an existing respository](#connecting-to-an-existing-repository): Your Unity project is already in a repository, but you do not have the GitHub for Unity package installed within it yet.
- [Opening a Unity project that already has the GitHub for Unity package](#connecting-to-an-existing-repository-that-already-has-the-github-for-unity-package): Your Unity project is already in a repository and it already has the GitHub for Unity package and you are trying to setup a new machine.

# Setting up a New Repository
If you have a Unity project (new or existing) that is not yet connected to any remote repository, you can use the GitHub for Unity package to quickly intialize the repository and publish to a repository. 

1. If your Unity project doesn't yet have the GitHub plugin installed, follow [these](https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity/blob/master/docs/using/how-to-install-and-update.md) instructions for installing it.
2. Click on the `Initialize a git repository for this project` button
<img width="950" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 9 39 13 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40246918-6d8c9156-5a7f-11e8-8087-6ffad9194969.png">  
And you should see the GitHub spinner:
<img width="253" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 9 39 23 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40246956-906cca56-5a7f-11e8-8f93-9484d2519359.png">
3. The GitHub tab should reload with the following buttons:
  - Publish: Publish this repository to GitHub (Creating a new GitHub repository)
  - Account: Login to your GitHub account | Logout from your GitHub account or visit your profile on GitHub.com
  - Changes: Local changes that are not yet committed, with a dialog to commit those changes
  - History: A history of commits with title, time stamp, and commit author
  - Branches: A list of local and remote branches with the ability to create new branches, switch branches, or checkout remote branches
  - Settings: your git configuration (pulled from your local git credentials if they have been previously set), your repository configuration (you can manually put the URL to any remote repository here instead of using the Publish button to publish to GitHub), a list of locked files, your git installation details, and general settings to help us better help you if you get stuck

# Cloning an Existing Repository 
GitHub for Unity does not have the functionality to clone projects (yet!).
1. Clone the repository (either through command line or with GitHub Desktop https://desktop.github.com/).
2. Open the project in Unity.
3. Install GitHub for Unity if it is not already installed.
4. The GitHub plugin should load with all functionality enabled.
