docs/using/how-to-install-and-update.md, before:

# Installation and Updating Guide
[Installing from a Downloaded Package File](#installing-from-a-package-file)  
[Installing from the Unity Asset Store](#installing-from-the-asset-store)  
[Updating a Previously Installed Version](#updating-the-github-for-unity-package)

_Note: If your Unity project already has the GitHub for Unity plugin installed, see our [Getting Started](https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity/blob/master/docs/using/getting-started.md) docs before continuing_


# Installing from a Package File
You can download the latest release from the repository at [https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity/releases](https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity/releases) or from the website at [https://unity.github.com/](https://unity.github.com/).

Once you've downloaded the package file, you can quickly install it within Unity.
1. Open a new Unity Project
<img width="1001" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 10 07 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239502-1d391f4e-5a6b-11e8-8879-7342611d2759.png">
2. Go to `Assets -> Import Package -> Custom Package`
<img width="566" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 11 35 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239569-4131a934-5a6b-11e8-9942-2be0fcc9ded3.png">
3. Find and open the GitHub for Unity Asset Package
<img width="567" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 12 33 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239617-6376fc24-5a6b-11e8-9116-29eb9a450f6f.png">
4. Click `Import` when the dialog pops up
<img width="350" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 12 42 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239636-7101e75a-5a6b-11e8-9162-9ac9a8d8c7c1.png">
5. After the package finishes importing, go to `Window -> GitHub` to open the GitHub window
<img width="317" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 13 03 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239656-83597d5a-5a6b-11e8-8cba-3d3a79c90974.png">
6. You should see the GitHub window in your Unity project, with a button to initialize your repository
<img width="1069" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 13 34 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239682-9344314c-5a6b-11e8-961f-2293434aa1ea.png">

# Installing from the Asset Store
1. Open a new Unity Project
<img width="1001" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 10 07 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239502-1d391f4e-5a6b-11e8-8879-7342611d2759.png">
2. Go to `Window -> Asset Store`
<img width="1115" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 20 19 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239800-f1a3cd6a-5a6b-11e8-9b81-54f2b947b3b9.png">
3. Search for "GitHub" in the search bar
<img width="246" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 20 51 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40240012-6cedab6c-5a6c-11e8-844e-47bf8b836edb.png">
4. Click on the GitHub for Unity Package
<img width="194" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 22 15 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40240031-78d16036-5a6c-11e8-9052-d5e439858068.png">
5. Click `Download` then `Install`
<img width="156" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 21 37 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40240039-7f7bc318-5a6c-11e8-8596-f7f6d7e8e48a.png">
<img width="152" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 21 44 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40240048-84c391de-5a6c-11e8-82bb-f4ee27871ab4.png">
6. Click `Import` when the dialog pops up
<img width="350" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 12 42 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239636-7101e75a-5a6b-11e8-9162-9ac9a8d8c7c1.png">
7. After the package finishes importing, go to `Window -> GitHub` to open the GitHub window
<img width="317" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 13 03 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239656-83597d5a-5a6b-11e8-8cba-3d3a79c90974.png">
8. You should see the GitHub window in your Unity project, with a button to initialize your repository
<img width="1069" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 13 34 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239682-9344314c-5a6b-11e8-961f-2293434aa1ea.png">

# Updating the GitHub for Unity Package
_COMING SOON_

Commit message:

Adding documentation to update GitHub for Unity

docs/using/how-to-install-and-update.md, after:

# Installation and Updating Guide
[Installing from a Downloaded Package File](#installing-from-a-package-file)  
[Installing from the Unity Asset Store](#installing-from-the-asset-store)  
[Updating a Previously Installed Version](#updating-the-github-for-unity-package)

_Note: If your Unity project already has the GitHub for Unity plugin installed, see our [Getting Started](https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity/blob/master/docs/using/getting-started.md) docs before continuing_


# Installing from a Package File
You can download the latest release from the repository at [https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity/releases](https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity/releases) or from the website at [https://unity.github.com/](https://unity.github.com/).

Once you've downloaded the package file, you can quickly install it within Unity.
1. Open a new Unity Project
<img width="1001" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 10 07 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239502-1d391f4e-5a6b-11e8-8879-7342611d2759.png">
2. Go to `Assets -> Import Package -> Custom Package`
<img width="566" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 11 35 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239569-4131a934-5a6b-11e8-9942-2be0fcc9ded3.png">
3. Find and open the GitHub for Unity Asset Package
<img width="567" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 12 33 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239617-6376fc24-5a6b-11e8-9116-29eb9a450f6f.png">
4. Click `Import` when the dialog pops up
<img width="350" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 12 42 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239636-7101e75a-5a6b-11e8-9162-9ac9a8d8c7c1.png">
5. After the package finishes importing, go to `Window -> GitHub` to open the GitHub window
<img width="317" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 13 03 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239656-83597d5a-5a6b-11e8-8cba-3d3a79c90974.png">
6. You should see the GitHub window in your Unity project, with a button to initialize your repository
<img width="1069" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 13 34 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239682-9344314c-5a6b-11e8-961f-2293434aa1ea.png">

# Installing from the Asset Store
1. Open a new Unity Project
<img width="1001" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 10 07 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239502-1d391f4e-5a6b-11e8-8879-7342611d2759.png">
2. Go to `Window -> Asset Store`
<img width="1115" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 20 19 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239800-f1a3cd6a-5a6b-11e8-9b81-54f2b947b3b9.png">
3. Search for "GitHub" in the search bar
<img width="246" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 20 51 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40240012-6cedab6c-5a6c-11e8-844e-47bf8b836edb.png">
4. Click on the GitHub for Unity Package
<img width="194" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 22 15 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40240031-78d16036-5a6c-11e8-9052-d5e439858068.png">
5. Click `Download` then `Install`
<img width="156" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 21 37 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40240039-7f7bc318-5a6c-11e8-8596-f7f6d7e8e48a.png">
<img width="152" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 21 44 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40240048-84c391de-5a6c-11e8-82bb-f4ee27871ab4.png">
6. Click `Import` when the dialog pops up
<img width="350" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 12 42 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239636-7101e75a-5a6b-11e8-9162-9ac9a8d8c7c1.png">
7. After the package finishes importing, go to `Window -> GitHub` to open the GitHub window
<img width="317" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 13 03 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239656-83597d5a-5a6b-11e8-8cba-3d3a79c90974.png">
8. You should see the GitHub window in your Unity project, with a button to initialize your repository
<img width="1069" alt="screen shot 2018-05-18 at 7 13 34 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1314285/40239682-9344314c-5a6b-11e8-961f-2293434aa1ea.png">

# Updating the GitHub for Unity Package

- If you are running Unity and wish to update GitHub for Unity (unless explicitly stated), be sure that the files in `x64` and `x86` are not selected.
- Otherwise, it's best to stop Unity and delete GitHub for Unity from your project. Startup Unity and run the package installer like normal. Allowing it to restore everything.
