docs/readme.md, before:

# GitHub for Unity Documentation

This is the [GitHub for Unity](https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity) development
documentation.

## Contributing

If you are interested in contributing to the project, you should read these
resources to get familiar with how things work:

 - **[How Can I Contribute?](../CONTRIBUTING.md#how-can-i-contribute)** -
    details about how you can participate
 - **[How To Build](contributing/how-to-build.md)** - learn how to build the
    application
 - **[Style Guide](contributing/styleguide.md)** - notes on the coding style
 - **[Tooling](contributing/tooling.md)** - if you have a preferred IDE,
    there's some enhancements to make your life easier
 - **[Troubleshooting](contributing/troubleshooting.md)** - some additional
    known issues if you're having environment issues

## Process

Details about how the team is organizing and shipping GitHub for Unity:

 - **[Issue Triage](process/issue-triage.md)** - how we address issues reported
    by users
 - **[Review](process/reviews.md)** - how we review contributions
 - **[Roadmap](process/roadmap.md)** - how we plan for the future
 - **[Release](process/release-process.md)** - how we review contributions

## Using

These documents contain more details on how to use the GitHub for Unity plugin:
- **[Installing and Updating the GitHub for Unity package](https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity/blob/master/docs/using/how-to-install-and-update.md)**
- **[Getting Started with the GitHub for Unity package](https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity/blob/master/docs/using/getting-started.md)**

Commit message:

Update the build docs and move the quick guide to its own file

docs/readme.md, after:

# GitHub for Unity Documentation

This is the [GitHub for Unity](https://github.com/github-for-unity/Unity) development
documentation.

## Contributing

If you are interested in contributing to the project, you should read these
resources to get familiar with how things work:

 - **[How Can I Contribute?](../CONTRIBUTING.md#how-can-i-contribute)** -
    details about how you can participate
 - **[How To Build](contributing/how-to-build.md)** - learn how to build the
    application
 - **[Style Guide](contributing/styleguide.md)** - notes on the coding style
 - **[Tooling](contributing/tooling.md)** - if you have a preferred IDE,
    there's some enhancements to make your life easier
 - **[Troubleshooting](contributing/troubleshooting.md)** - some additional
    known issues if you're having environment issues

## Process

Details about how the team is organizing and shipping GitHub for Unity:

 - **[Issue Triage](process/issue-triage.md)** - how we address issues reported
    by users
 - **[Review](process/reviews.md)** - how we review contributions
 - **[Roadmap](process/roadmap.md)** - how we plan for the future
 - **[Release](process/release-process.md)** - how we review contributions

## Using

[Quick Guide](using/quick-guide.md)

These documents contain more details on how to use the GitHub for Unity plugin:
- **[Installing and Updating the GitHub for Unity package](using/how-to-install-and-update.md)**

These documents contain more details on how to use the GitHub for Unity plugin:
- **[Installing and Updating the GitHub for Unity package](using/how-to-install-and-update.md)**
- **[Getting Started with the GitHub for Unity package](using/getting-started.md)**
